Update the repo readme (#365)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-paper-figures: README.md

- I. Illustration of a `SingleCellExperiment`-formatted merged project download folder.

**Figure 3**

- A. Overview of cell type annotation workflow.
- B. Diagram of ontology-aware consensus cell type assignment.
- C. Comparison of consensus cell type annotations to automated cell type annotations made by `SingleR`, `CellAssign`, and `SCimilarity`. 

**Figure 4**

- A. Dot plot summarizing marker gene expression in consensus cell types in Brain and CNS samples.
- B. Bar plot summarizing the percentage of cells annotated as each consensus cell type in High-grade and Low-grade glioma samples.
- C. Bar plot summarizing the percentage of cells annotated as each immune consensus cell type, with an emphasis on cells in the T-cell and myeloid lineages, in High-grade and Low-grade glioma samples.
- D. Dot plot summarizing marker gene expression in immune-only consensus cell types in Brain and CNS samples.

**Figure 5**

- A. UMAP displaying OpenScPCA project cell type annotations for (not batch corrected) samples in `SCPCP000004`.  
- B. UMAP displaying total CNV estimates for (not batch corrected) samples in `SCPCP000004`. 

> - C. Heatmaps of chromsomes with canonical Neuroblastoma CNV events detected with `InferCNV` for a single sample, shown for cell type anotation groups derived from the OpenScPCA project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- C. Heatmaps of chromosomes with canonical Neuroblastoma CNV events detected with `InferCNV` for a single sample, shown for cell type annotation groups derived from the OpenScPCA project.
```
